README.md, before:

# hspro


<pre>
	0. BEGIN : Preparatory ground for nexus exeution
	1. NEXUS : Get All Plans on Each of Iso-cost surfaces (multi-threaded without GIL lock)
	2. Anorexic Reduction : Plan swallowing for reducing plan density on each surface
	3. Covering sequence : Further Reduction of plan density on each surface, (check if impacts ASO)
	4. Execution of bouquet, or simulation of execution under ideal cost model assumption
		a. Execution will return list of plan executions, last of which will discover correct selectivity
		b. Sec 4.1 Randomization, by appropriately randomizing & slicing list of last IC-surface on which selectivity is discovered
		c. Sec 4.2 Randomization, by Additional data-structure in map for randomized contour placement of IC-surfaces is needed

	Also, values of selectivities of ESS grid in all papers are in Geometric progression 

During implementation also, have you considered GP, or A.P. instead, and how should I decide upon minimum selectivity value to consider, as if I have to take selectivity values in G.P., minimum value will have some impact
And, have you also considered absolute 0 selectivity of all EPP in implementation
</pre>

Commit message:

To-Do except NEXUS & CSI Updated into README.md

README.md, after:

# hspro


## To-Do List
<pre>
#### ANOREXIC REDUCTION ####
Anorexic Reduction not as mapping, a plan-optimal regions can be jointly swallowed by two plans
cost threshold of IC-contour is shifted by (1+Anorexic_Lambda)*cost[IC_id]

#### Randomization 2 ####
Different CSI Invocation will be needed, each with m+1 for others, & m IC-contours for no-left shift placement of contours
each will be on-demand execution with saving of cover into maps of form (Execution -> Execution)

#### Randomization 1 ####
Shuffle of plans on each contour into list

#### PERFORMANCE METRICS ####
Below maps to be added for plan choice decision making
(Scale -> POSP)

#### SIMULATION ####
Boolean Zagged array for only once execution during simulation
MSO_k also evaluated at same time for Bouquet Execution (m or m+1 contours, depending upon R2 variable)
</pre>


## Basic Implementation Idea
<pre>
	0. BEGIN : Preparatory ground for nexus exeution
	1. NEXUS : Get All Plans on Each of Iso-cost surfaces
	2. Anorexic Reduction : Plan swallowing for reducing plan density on each surface
	3. Covering sequence : Further Reduction of plan density on each surface, (check if impacts ASO)
	4. Execution of bouquet, or simulation of execution under ideal cost model assumption
		a. Execution will return list of plan executions, last of which will discover correct selectivity
		b. Sec 4.1 Randomization, by appropriately randomizing & slicing list of last IC-surface on which selectivity is discovered
		c. Sec 4.2 Randomization, by Additional data-structure in map for randomized contour placement of IC-surfaces is needed

	Also, values of selectivities of ESS grid in all papers are in Geometric progression 

During implementation also, have you considered GP, or A.P. instead, and how should I decide upon minimum selectivity value to consider, as if I have to take selectivity values in G.P., minimum value will have some impact
And, have you also considered absolute 0 selectivity of all EPP in implementation
</pre>
